Good day to all today
tell you how using windows 8
exchange install game
disk image file with iso extension
we all usually download such a file
weight image file we put it through
alcohol damon thuls or ultraiso or
some other third-party programs
who work slept and with files
images but specifically for the image file
disk iso expansion bis can not
use no other programs
except windows 8 itself
81 here we do not have such
handler old toys look
properties
Ares iso disk image file
who is more comfortable with what we do with him
and we select it with the right mouse button
open with and select the explorer
as you can see with us automatically
virtual 9 disk drive was formed
which unpacked the disk image file by
The idea of this is the same archive as winrar
rather as rar zip
but the only other so experience and so
now after unpacking the images
virtual drive we are elementary
run the installation of the game
choose a language
as they say and so on after
we installed the game in the folder as we started
to use it to remove the clear
virtual sticky drive again pdm
mice
extract all we have no game
installed image file unpacked
installed and we do not use any
other third-party pro there on it all
good luck to you
thank you for attention